Add ubuntu 24.04 and docs for hcloud (#1481)
kubernetes-sigs/image-builder: docs/book/src/capi/providers/hcloud.md

# Building Images for Hetzner Hcloud

## Prerequisites for Hetzner Hcloud

- A Hetzner account

> - Set environment variables for your `HCLOUD_LOCATION` `HCLOUD_TOKEN` for your respective hcloud project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the environment variables `HCLOUD_LOCATION` and `HCLOUD_TOKEN` for your hcloud project
```
